{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/observer/README.md","value":"= Template Method Pattern\n\nThis documentation was developed as part of a programming\nactivity for the <em>Software Design and Architecture</em>\ncourse (_Tc3049_), at the Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus\nEstado de México.\n\n== Authors\n\n* *A01378916* <em>Rafael Moreno Cañas</em>\n* *A01379896* <em>Erick Bautista Pérez</em>\n\n== Overview\n\nThe <b>template Method</b> is a behavioral design pattern that defines the skeleton of \nan algorithm in the superclass but lets subclasses override specific steps \nof the algorithm without changing its structure.\n\nThe UML diagram for this programming activity is as follows:\n\nrdoc-image:img/template_uml.png\n\nTo test the program, inside the +src+ folder type the following\ninstruction at the command line:\n\n            ruby -I . -w table_generator_test.rb\n\n==References\n\n- \\Template Method. (2020). Retrieved 21 February 2020, \nfrom https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns/template-method\n\n\n- \\R. Olsen. <em>Design Patterns in Ruby.</em> Addison-Wesley,\n2007.","undoManager":{"mark":-2,"position":0,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":34,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["= Template Method Pattern","","This documentation was developed as part of a programming","activity for the <em>Software Design and Architecture</em>","course (_Tc3049_), at the Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus","Estado de México.","","== Authors","","* *A01378916* <em>Rafael Moreno Cañas</em>","* *A01379896* <em>Erick Bautista Pérez</em>","","== Overview","","The <b>template Method</b> is a behavioral design pattern that defines the skeleton of ","an algorithm in the superclass but lets subclasses override specific steps ","of the algorithm without changing its structure.","","The UML diagram for this programming activity is as follows:","","rdoc-image:img/template_uml.png","","To test the program, inside the +src+ folder type the following","instruction at the command line:","","            ruby -I . -w table_generator_test.rb","","==References","","- \\Template Method. (2020). Retrieved 21 February 2020, ","from https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns/template-method","","","- \\R. Olsen. <em>Design Patterns in Ruby.</em> Addison-Wesley,","2007."],"id":1}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":34,"column":5},"end":{"row":34,"column":5},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1583115174777}