{"filter":false,"title":"README.rdoc","tooltip":"/dsl/README.rdoc","undoManager":{"mark":25,"position":25,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":2},"end":{"row":0,"column":25},"action":"remove","lines":["Observer Method Pattern"],"id":2},{"start":{"row":0,"column":2},"end":{"row":0,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["Domain-Specific Language Pattern"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":7},"end":{"row":14,"column":22},"action":"remove","lines":["Observer Method"],"id":3},{"start":{"row":14,"column":7},"end":{"row":14,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["Domain-Specific Language Pattern"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":44},"end":{"row":16,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["is a software design pattern in which an object, called the subject, maintains a list of its dependents, ","called observers, and notifies them automatically of any state changes, usually by calling one of their methods.",""],"id":4}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":44},"end":{"row":14,"column":137},"action":"insert","lines":["are an incredibly powerful tool for making it easier to program or configure complex systems."],"id":5}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":137},"end":{"row":15,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":6}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":0},"end":{"row":15,"column":200},"action":"insert","lines":["they are languages specialized to a particular application domain or use case. This means that you can only use them for specific things—they are not suitable for general-purpose software development."],"id":7}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":142},"end":{"row":16,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":8}],[{"start":{"row":16,"column":58},"end":{"row":17,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":9}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":39},"end":{"row":14,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":10},{"start":{"row":14,"column":40},"end":{"row":14,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["("]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":41},"end":{"row":14,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["D"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":42},"end":{"row":14,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["S"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":43},"end":{"row":14,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["L"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":44},"end":{"row":14,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":[")"],"id":11}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":45},"end":{"row":14,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":12}],[{"start":{"row":29,"column":3},"end":{"row":30,"column":51},"action":"remove","lines":["Observer pattern. (2020). Retrieved 2 March 2020, ","from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Observer_pattern"],"id":13}],[{"start":{"row":29,"column":3},"end":{"row":29,"column":200},"action":"insert","lines":["optal Engineering Blog. 2017. Creating A Ruby DSL: A Guide To Advanced Metaprogramming. [online] Available at: <https://www.toptal.com/ruby/ruby-dsl-metaprogramming-guide> [Accessed 26 April 2020]."],"id":14}],[{"start":{"row":29,"column":100},"end":{"row":30,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":15}],[{"start":{"row":25,"column":25},"end":{"row":25,"column":40},"action":"remove","lines":["twitter_test.rb"],"id":16},{"start":{"row":25,"column":25},"end":{"row":25,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["jankenpon_test.rb"]}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":15},"end":{"row":20,"column":23},"action":"remove","lines":["observer"],"id":17},{"start":{"row":20,"column":15},"end":{"row":20,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":16},"end":{"row":20,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":20,"column":17},"end":{"row":20,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["="],"id":18}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["="],"id":19}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":51},"end":{"row":14,"column":54},"action":"remove","lines":["are"],"id":20},{"start":{"row":14,"column":51},"end":{"row":14,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":14,"column":52},"end":{"row":14,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":51},"end":{"row":16,"column":58},"action":"remove","lines":["is an incredibly powerful tool for making it easier to program or configure complex systems.","they are languages specialized to a particular application domain or use case. This means that you can only use them for specific things—they ","are not suitable for general-purpose software development."],"id":21}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":3},"end":{"row":28,"column":100},"action":"remove","lines":["optal Engineering Blog. 2017. Creating A Ruby DSL: A Guide To Advanced Metaprogramming. [online] ","Available at: <https://www.toptal.com/ruby/ruby-dsl-metaprogramming-guide> [Accessed 26 April 2020]."],"id":22}],[{"start":{"row":27,"column":3},"end":{"row":27,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":["DSL Guide. (2019). Retrieved 27 April 2020, from https://martinfowler.com/dsl.html"],"id":23}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":45},"end":{"row":14,"column":46},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":24}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":50},"end":{"row":14,"column":312},"action":"insert","lines":["is a computer language that's targeted to a particular kind of problem, rather than a general purpose language that's aimed at any kind of software problem. Domain-specific languages have been talked about, and used for almost as long as computing has been done."],"id":25}],[{"start":{"row":14,"column":113},"end":{"row":15,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":26}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":110},"end":{"row":16,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":27}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":16,"column":0},"end":{"row":16,"column":0},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1587952476082,"hash":"ddbbe8aa5e12769f12be31a7adb2bf9316eb9beb"}